Let's install a cookie session into our service.
So back at my terminal I'm going to make sure I'm inside of my auth project directory.
I'll then do an NPM install cookie session.
We're not going to only install the cookie session library.
Cookie session by default does not have native typescript support.
So we have to install a type definition file to help TypeScript understand what is going on inside of
this library.
But to do so, we're going to also install at types slash cookie dash session.
Now make sure you got two S's right there.
I just made a typo right before this video.
I only put in one s and I got an error during the NPM install saying that that package did not does
not exist.
So just double check your spelling.
All right.
So all installed.
Now let's go back over to our code editor.
Inside my auth directory, I'll find the SRC folder and then the index file inside there.
So we're going to import cookie session at the top and then wire it up to our express application as
a middleware.
So right after Mongoose, I'll do an import cookie session from cookie session.
And then right after the app use JSON, we will add in app use.
Cookie session.
We are going to pass in a configuration object and we are going to add in two different properties to
this thing.
So first, remember, we're going to disable encryption on this cookie.
We're not going to worry about someone peeking into this thing or anything like that because the JSON
web token itself is already encrypted.
So I'm going to put signed on here of false.
I'm also going to require that cookies will only be used if a user is visiting our application over
an HTTPS connection.
That's just a very small security improvement.
So to add that in, I'm also going to add secure.
True.
Like so.
For a related reason to that.
So with this secure true right here requiring that you must be on an HTTPS connection.
We're also going to change a very small setting on express itself the right.
After we create the Express app, we're going to add app set trust proxy is true.
The recent awesomely not apt settings but apt set.
That's better.
The reason for this is that traffic is being proximate to our application through ingress and x.
Express is going to see the fact that stuff is being proxy and by default, Express is going to say,
Hey, wait, there's a proxy here.
I don't really trust this HTTPS connection.
Long story short, we are just adding in this little step right here to make sure that Express is aware
that it's behind a proxy of Ingress Engine X, and to make sure that it should still trust traffic as
being secure, even though it's coming from that proxy.
So that's it for setup.
We're going to save this file.
So we have now.
Made sure back in this flow right here that we have the ability to eventually set a cookie on the response
that goes back to a user.
The last thing we actually have to do is make sure that we generate that JSON web token and store it
inside the cookie.
Let's take a quick pause right here and then discuss how we're going to generate that token in just
a moment.